
-Connect actual featured video/s to the website via youtube link 
-For general reviews have only 4 show at any given time, 
also have the reviews fade in and out to new reviews. 
-Have the admin dashboard capable of removing aproved reviews
from the review page both service and general 


1. Presentation;

a) 
1.first impression will showcase a list of all services
and packages offered by AALCS which can be found in the 
current_services&packages.txt shown as a list. 

2.First impression will also showcase up the very top a general 
AALCS review area where all general reviews that clients didnt 
Updated Notes: 




go directly to the list but instead opted to use the general 
aalcs review area instead belongs. 

b) 
1.second impression. After selecting a service or package that 
service or package selected will in order from top to 
bottom showcase first the "first featured video along with the 
clients review below featured and there star rating. Than the secound
featured video along with the clients review below featured and there
star rating than so on and so forth. 

Once all featured videos and 
relevant featured clients reviews has been shown for that service or
package than all other reviews that are associated with that service 
or package are shown below that service or package the user is 
leaving a review for. Through out each section where there is 
a featured video and featured client review their is also an option to 
collapse the entire service or package display so that it returns to 
the minimalized services and packages list to choose from.  

conditions: 
-A featured video will be directly linked to a specific youtube video
-There is an option for the user to go directly to the youtube channel
but there is also an option to play the featured video directly from 
the webpage. 
-the featured reviews do not come directly from the youtube channel but
are instead added by the user and than approved by me to be considered 
as a featured review that belongs with said featured video.  


2.for the general aalcs review area make it simple at first impression
like, would you like to leave a review? Than once the user clicks on 
that prompt a comment section along with a 5 star review opens up. This 
area can also be easily collapsable so that the user can view the list
of services and packages with reviews if they choose or leave the page
to find another one. 

2. Mechanisms;

List structure: 
-The services or packages with the most featured videos and featured 
reviews are shown up the top of the services/packages list. 

-if a service or package does not yet have a featured video/s attached 
with the service or package the next service or package in the list is 
the one with the most reviews. 

-the services or packages that do not yet have a single review or featured
video will belong at the bottom of the list. 

a) First mechanisms

b) secound mechanisms;

